Hello to modding instructions!
this guide will help you through modding FNaF 1 PSP.

a few things to note:

 - ALL images you replace have to be exactly the same size as the ones you replace, so if you replace an image of 10x10, the image with what you will replace it is also 10x10
 - Compress ALL images you have replaced! i suggest using https://tinypng.com/ (this will improve loading times and prevent a lot of crashing)
 - Audio has to be compressed! something like https://www.youcompress.com/wav/ will work fine (except stuff like sound effects located in the sfx folder)
 - When replacing static, make it half transparent!
 - When you mod, prepare for crashes! (the game is specifically designed around the images i have used so keep that in mind)


on to modding images:

 1. Find the image you would like to replace, lets say camera 1, to make it easy.
 2. Download the image and load up any image editor, i personally use paint3d but that is because i am a noob
 3. Resize the image to the correct size, im using camera 1 as a reference so im resizing it to 480x272 (which is the PSP resolution)
 4. After having done this i rename the image to the same as camera 1, so cam1a.png
 5. I go to https://tinypng.com/ load up the image and wait until its done compressing it (compressing will not make you lose any quality)
 6. Now i replace the image and i should see this image ingame instead of the original one!
 7. you succesfully modded FNaF 1 PSP!


on to modding audio:

 1. Find the audio you would like to replace, i will go with the call of night 1 to make it easy
 2. Download the audio and load up audacity, if your audio was mp3, convert it to wav (since its the only format the game can read)
 3. Now i rename the audio file to call1.wav
 4. Go to https://www.youcompress.com/wav/ and compress the audio file
 5. Wait for it to be done and download the audio file, when you open the file, it should sound a bit crackly, dont worry, you will not hear this in the game itself!
 6. replace the call1.wav with the new one and test it out
 7. you succesfully modded FNaF 1 PSP!


remember, the game is not and will not be open source because the creator of the image lib i used asked me to keep this closed source!

 